hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens budget meals today we're making
some beautiful tomato soup now the
ingredients cost me $8 for tea and it
serves six so per portion it's only
gonna cost you a dollar and forty cents
so let's get started
he's got budget meals Monday what you
want Wednesday fast food Friday what
else could he share it's Nicko's kitchen
where satisfying meals are prepared so
the first thing that we want to do guys
into a large saucepan I'm going to add
some olive oil now the first thing we're
going to add guys I've just got some
chopped up onion just here I'm just
going to add that straight in and I've
also got some garlic as well I'm just
going to add that to the onion now I'm
just planning off the onion and the
garlic because we really want to
intensify those flavors when we make our
soup so over a high heat it should only
take about a minute and a half to get
that beautiful brown caramelization
happening on that onion once you've done
that I'm going to add in some fresh
tomatoes cut up now you could use canned
tomatoes if you wanted to but I find
fresh tomatoes work best for this recipe
now turning the heat down to a medium
heat on the stove just stir in those
tomatoes I'm going to garlic together
and at this stage I'm going to add in
some pepper and season with some salt so
what you want to do here guys for the
next four to five minutes over a medium
heat just keep stirring around and we
want those tomatoes to relax and
collapse okay we want those juices to
ooze out of the tomato and we want them
nice and soft so you can see here our
tomatoes have started to collapse and
now what I'm going to add in is some
tomato paste now what the tomato paste
does is it just gives it that beautiful
red color and also a richness in the
soup
now to add the liquid to our tomato
mixture I'm going to add in some chicken
stock now you could use vegetable stock
if you wanted to but I do find that the
chicken stock gives it a much much
better flavor and you can see here guys
our soup is slowly starting to come
together now the very last thing I'm
going to add to our tomato soup is some
potatoes okay now what the potatoes will
do it will give this a beautiful creamy
texture so guys that's all you have to
do now over medium to high heat okay
we're going to put the lid on the pot
and we're going to let this cook for 15
to 20 minutes run till those potatoes
have gone nice and soft so let in 15 to
20 minutes on a medium to high heat and
boy oh boy this is smelling awesome
already so guys I've just taken the lid
off and check out that color it looks
awesome now right at the end and this is
what brings everything together and
makes it taste sensational I've got some
fresh basil leaves I'm just going to put
them in as they are because we're going
to blitz this down but just leave the
basil leaves in there just let them wilt
down for about 5 minutes more on the
cooking time so I've just taken off our
soup off the heat and for the next part
guys you're going to need a hand Blitzer
just like that now if you don't have one
of these you could put this in the
blender but be very careful because the
mixture is very very hot so what I want
you to do straight in because we're
going to be just creaming together those
potatoes because they're still whole
just very slowly mix it all together
like that and just blitz those potatoes
down so that's what you're after guys
this beautiful creamy thick tomato soup
let's serve this bad boy up
and just to finish it off guys over the
top just a bit of presentation I'm going
to finish it off with a little bit more
of that fresh basil so guys it looks
sensational
it smells sensational and I tell you
what it's going to taste sensational as
well so let's get stuck in just look how
thick that is guys that's exactly what
you're after with a soup so let's get
stuck in beautiful the clean flavors and
what I mean by clean it's fresh it's
vibrant the basil that fresh tomato oh
that is great that is so awesome
it's healthy it's cheap and it tastes
phenomenal guys please give this a go it
is awesome
all the ingredients are below so check
it out you guys take care and if you're
watching tomorrow we're making chocolate
cake on Nico's bakery so make sure you
check that channel out otherwise I'll
see you back here on Wednesday for what
you want Wednesday so until then take
care